docs: document label expressions (#27811)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/reference.mdx

A Teleport `role` works by having two lists of rules: `allow` rules and `deny` rules.
When declaring access rules, keep in mind the following:

> - Nothing is allowed by default.

Author: I think this is an important distinction, when a role explicitly denies something that means that no other role can allow access to it, even through an access request.

      'environment': '^test|staging$'
```

### Label expressions

<Admonition type="warning">
Label expressions are available starting in Teleport version `13.1.1`.
All components of your Teleport cluster must be upgraded to version `13.1.1`
or newer before you will be able to use label expressions.

> This includes the Auth service and **all** Node services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This includes the Auth Service and **all** Teleport agents.
```
To match the Core Concepts page

</Admonition>

Teleport roles also support matching resource labels with predicate expressions
when you need to:

- combine logic with OR and AND operators
- perform matching on label keys
- implement negative matches

The following example role would allow access to any nodes labeled `env=staging`
or labeled `team=<team>`, where `<team>` is one of the values of the user's
`teams` trait:

```yaml
kind: role

> version: v5

Author: They actually work fine all the way back to role v3. Our role versioning is weird, it really just changes the meaning of empty/default values, and we manually block some features in older versions, but I don't think there's any reason to block label expressions

metadata:
  name: example-role
spec:
  allow:
    node_labels_expression: |
      labels["env"] == "staging" ||
      contains(user.spec.traits["teams"], labels["team"])
```

> The `<kind>_labels_expression` fields have the same purpose of the

Author: You can specify both if you really want to, added a short blurb to explain that
